PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE FITNESSEFFECT (WORKOUT TRACKER) PLATFORM.
 
By accessing the FitnessEffect (Workout Tracker) mobile application, you signify that you have read, understand and agree 
to be bound by these Terms of Use and any other applicable law, whether or not you are a registered member of 
FitnessEffect (Workout Tracker). FitnessEffect may change these Terms of Use at any time without notice, effective upon its
posting to the Platform. Your continued use of the Platform shall be considered your acceptance to the revised Terms of Use.
If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please do not use this Platform.
 
PHYSICAL ACTIVITY NOTICE
 
The Platform may include features that promote physical activity. Consider the risks involved and consult with your medical
professional before engaging in any physical activity. FitnessEffect is not responsible or liable for any injuries or damages
you may sustain that result from your use of, or inability to use, the features of the Platform.
 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
 
All intellectual property on the Platform (except for User Generated Content) is owned by FitnessEffect or its licensors,
which includes materials protected by copyright, trademark, or patent laws. All trademarks, service marks and trade names
are owned, registered and/or licensed by FitnessEffect. All content on the Platform (except for User Generated Content),
including but not limited to text, software, scripts, code, designs, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, applications,
interactive features and all other content ("Content") is a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws
and is the proprietary property of FitnessEffect; All rights reserved.
 
SAFEGUARD YOUR USERNAME/PASSWORD
 
You are responsible for any actions that take place while using your FitnessEffect (Workout Tracker) account. Keep your
username/password secure and do not allow anyone else to use your username/password to access the Platform. FitnessEffect
is not responsible for any loss that results from the unauthorized use of your username/password, with or without your 
knowledge.
 
 
GENERAL RULES FOR USER GENERATED CONTENT
 
CONTENT IS NOT PRESCREENED
 
FitnessEffect does not prescreen User Generated Content. FitnessEffect does not guarantee the Platform will be free from
User Generated Content that is inaccurate, deceptive, offensive, threatening, defamatory, unlawful or otherwise objectionable.
FitnessEffect is merely acting as a passive channel for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability
relating to any User Generated Content or activities of users on the Platform. Even in the event FitnessEffect chooses to 
monitor any User Generated Content, FitnessEffect assumes no responsibility for, or any obligation to monitor or remove, such
User Generated Content. FitnessEffect reserves the right to edit, remove, or refuse to post any User Generated Content or
terminate your registered account for any reason.
 
ELIGIBILITY AND REGISTRATION
 
To become a member of the Fitness Platform, or post User Generated Content, you may be required to register for an account.
You agree to provide accurate and current information about yourself in all registration forms on the Platform. This Platform
is intended solely for users who are thirteen (13) years of age or older and it is a violation of these Terms of Use for
anyone under 13 to register for the Platform. You represent and warrant that you are 13 or older. Your account may be deleted
without warning if you misrepresent your age, whether older or younger.
 
FITNESSEFFECT'S RIGHTS TO YOUR POSTING
 
Your User Generated Content is not confidential or proprietary. You grant, and warrant that you have the right to grant,
to FitnessEffect a non-exclusive, non-revocable, worldwide, transferable, royalty-free, perpetual right to use your User
Generated Content in any manner or media now or later developed, for any purpose, commercial, advertising, or otherwise,
including the right to translate, display, reproduce, modify, create derivative works, sublicense, distribute, assign and
commercialize without any payment due to you.
  
LINKS
 
The Platform may contain links to websites, applications or other products or services operated by other companies
("Third Party Platforms"). FitnessEffect does not endorse, monitor or have any control over these Third Party Platforms,
which have separate terms of use and privacy policies. FitnessEffect is not responsible for the content or policies of 
Third Party Platforms and you access such Third Party Platforms at your own risk.
     
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
 
FITNESSEFFECT SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING FOR
ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA, THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THIS PLATFORM OR THE PERFORMANCE OF
THE PRODUCTS.
  
TERMINATION
 
FitnessEffect reserves the right in its sole discretion to terminate your account, delete your profile and any of your 
User Generated Content, and restrict your use of all or any part of the Platform for any or no reason, without notice, 
and without liability to you or anyone else.


Privacy Policy

Stefan Auvergne built the FitnessEffect (Workout Tracker) app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Stefan Auvergne at
no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform website visitors regarding my policies with the collection,
use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service. If you choose to use my Service, then you
agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used
for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this 
Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is 
accessible at FitnessEffect (Workout Tracker) unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable
information, including but not limited to email and password. The information that I request is retained on your device
and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Log Data

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information
(through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device
Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my
Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies

Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your
browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use
“cookies” to collection information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these
cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to
use some portions of this Service.

Service Providers

I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to
perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any
other purpose.

Security

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of
protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure
and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note
that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these
websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any
third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information
from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately
delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal
information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.
I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately
after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.

This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator
